---
layout: post
title: Japanese Sushi in Scarborough and Markham
link: scarborough
---

<iframe width="500" height="300" scrolling="no" frameborder="no" src="https://www.google.com/fusiontables/embedviz?q=select+col2+from+15G1h3VXhbU2XsgZWpDVKJzc5xOPSvT9JPVcrwbBi&amp;viz=MAP&amp;h=false&amp;lat=75.35342413945004&amp;lng=-164.91874157988275&amp;t=1&amp;z=1&amp;l=col2&amp;y=2&amp;tmplt=3&amp;hml=GEOCODABLE"></iframe>

Today, we find many sushi restaurants here in Scarborough and Markham. However, today most sushi restaurants are not owned by Japanese people but mostly Korean or Chinese selling Japanese cuisine such as sushi. Restaurants like Join Sushi in Kingston Road that  sell not only Japanese and Korean cuisine but also include some American dishes such as onion rings and chicken nuggets. This restaurant serves sushi called Kingston Roll which reflects the location of the restaurant and also Join Sushi Roll, reflecting the name of the restaurant.  Another example is the Gal Sushi, in Markham, where they serve not only Japanese sushi but also a variety of ethnic cuisines that ranges from Japanese to Korean. The tie between the Korean cuisine and the Japanese cuisine was because of the South Korean desires to make its cuisine part of the most popular ethnic cuisines in the world (Cwiertka, 8). This was made possible by putting Korean cuisine next with other cuisines such as Japanese food. This map illustrated below shows how popular sushi is in places such as Markham and Scarborough. Their menus often depict their own sushi creation that reflects the location or their restaurant name such as Matsuda Maki from Matsuda Japanese Cuisine in Scarborough and Toronto roll served in Osaka Markham Sushi Restaurant.. In connection with the overall research, this was made possible because of cultural influences, technological advancements, and immigration. Ever since there was a rise in sushi demands in our diet,  restaurants were established to supply this demands. Since sushi became a huge demand, it spread around the world where even people from different countries travel to Japan just to learn how to make it and to taste it.
